Two bytes meet. The first byte asks, 'Are you ill?' - the second byte replies, 'no I'm just feeling a bit off'.
Eight bytes walk into a bar. The bartender asks, 'Can I get you anything?', 'Yeah' reply the bytes, 'Make us a double'.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None – It's a hardware problem.
Why do programmers always get Christmas and Halloween mixed up? Because DEC 25 = OCT 31.
'Knock, knock', 'Who's there?', very long pause, 'Java'.
Why does all Pascal programmers ask to live in Atlantis? Because it is below C level.
Programming is like sex - One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.
A SQL query goes to a restaurant, walks up to 2 tables and says 'Can I join you'?
How does a network administrator nerd greet people who come to his house? - Welcome to 127.0.0.1.
The box said 'Requires Windows 95 or better'. So I installed Linux.
If at first you don't succeed, call it version 1.0.
I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code.
The Internet: where men are men, women are men, and children are FBI agents.
Some things Man was never meant to know. For everything else, there's Google.
Programmers are tools for converting caffeine into code.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
I used to think the brain was the most important organ. Then I thought, look who's telling me that.
A farmer in the field with his cows counted 196 of them, but when he rounded them up he had 200.
You can kill vegetarian vampires with a steak to the heart.
So this guy with a premature ejaculation problem comes out of nowhere.
How does NASA organize their company parties? They plan-et.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers.
Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven was a well known six offender.
My friend recently got crushed by a pile of books, but he's only got his shelf to blame.
How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a light bulb? Let's go play on our bikes.
What's the best part about living in Switzerland? Not sure, but the flag is a big plus.
Two fish are in a tank. One turns to the other and asks 'How do you drive this thing?'.
Why can't a bike stand on its own? It's two tired.
Last night I almost had a threesome, I only needed two more people!
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
When you get a bladder infection, urine trouble.
Just went to an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool.
Marketing companies should use chromosomes in advertisements because sex cells.
Learn sign language, it's very handy.
I started a band called 999 Megabytes — we haven't gotten a gig yet.
You want to hear a pizza joke? Never mind, it's pretty cheesy.
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know, and I don't care.
Dwarfs and midgets have very little in common.
The past, present and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
Why are pirates so mean? I don't know, they just arrrrrrrrr!
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
How does Jesus make tea? Hebrews it.
A liberal, a moderate, and a conservative walk into a bar. Bartender says, 'Hey Mitt! What'll ya have?'
What's the difference between a straight woman and a bisexual woman? 4 drinks.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb?... To get to the other side!
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. 'Yes' is the answer.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Children: You spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walk and talk. Then you spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong...
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says 'If an emergency, notify:' I put 'DOCTOR'. What's my mother going to do?
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with 'Guess' on it... so I said 'Implants?'
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Some people say 'If you can't beat them, join them'. I say 'If you can't beat them, beat them', because they will be expecting you to join them, so you will have the element of surprise.
Why do Americans choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.