Love is not about possession, it's all about appreciation.
Every man has his hobby horse.
A friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.
Coming events cast their shadows before them.
If you don’t do stupid things, they won’t come back and bite you in the ass.
A book is like a garden carried in the pocket.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
A man is never too old to learn.
A straight foot is not afraid of a crooked shoe.
A good book is a good friend.
Time is money, and it is difficult for one to use money to get time.
Opportunity knocks at the door only once.
A word spoken can never be taken back.
The palest ink is better than the best memory.
Catch one’s heart, never be apart.
Flowers may bloom again, but a person never has the chance to be young again. So don't waste your time.
It is as impossible to find a perfect man as it is to find 100 percent pure gold.
Timely return of a loan makes it easier to borrow a second time.
Failure is mother of success.
A person leaves a reputation, bad or good, behind wherever he works or stays.
Learning without thought means labour lost; thought without learning is perilous.
It is when you are using what you have learned from books that you wish you had read more.
It is easy to find a thousand soldiers, but hard to find a good general.
Small as it is, the sparrow has all the vital organs.
Listen to your advice, better than reading books for ten years.
As a man cannot be known by his looks, neither can the sea be fathomed by a gourd.
Water surges only to overflow.
Fate brings people together no matter how far apart they may be.
As a man sows, so shall he reap.
Do well and have well.
A merry heart makes a cheerful countenance.
Dripping water pierces a stone; a saw made of rope cuts through wood.
A day’s planning is done in the morning.
The friendship of a gentleman is insipid as water.
It is better to travel ten thousand miles than to read ten thousand books.
Quiet thoughts mend the body.
Every step leaves its print; work steadily and make solid progress.
One radish, one hole. Each has his own task, and nobody is dispensable.
It takes more than one cold day for a river to freeze three feet deep.
Where ignorance is bliss, it's folly to be wise.
People as the root of the country, and food is the first necessity of people.
When children travel far from home, mothers never stop worrying.
Things at the worst will mend.
It takes ten years to grow trees but a hundred years to rear people.
Nothing is too deceitful in war.
Learn from past mistakes to avoid future ones.
Kill two birds with one stone.
A single spark can start a prairie fire.
Take things as they come.
To bury the hatchets and work for peace.
Never try to prove what nobody doubts.
Good pupils are to be brought up by strict teachers.
Look before you leap.
An oppressed army fighting with desperate courage is sure to win.
No pains, no gains.
The early bird catches the worm.
Where there is life, there is hope.
Disaster emanates from a careless talk.
A smile can erase a million worries.
Just one laugh makes the person ten years younger.
A good frame is better than a good face.
He knows most who speaks least.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
A man can do no more than he can.
A merry heart goes all the way.
A good medicine tastes bitter.
A light heart lives long.
A faithful friend is hard to find.
Adversity makes a man wise, not rich.
Actions speak louder than words.
A candle lights others and consumes itself.
A bird in the hand is worth than two in the bush.
A bad workman always blames his tools.
A bad beginning makes a bad ending.